updated all overview pages with hero cards (#3346)
Qiskit/documentation: learning/courses/quantum-chem-with-vqe/index.mdx

IBM leverages the services of Credly, a 3rd party data processor authorized by IBM and located in the United States, to assist in the administration of the IBM Digital Badge program. In order to issue you an IBM Digital Badge, your personal information (name, email address, and badge earned) will be shared with Credly.

> !["Hero image"](/learning/images/courses/quantum-chem-with-vqe/badge.avif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!["Image of the awarded badge"](/learning/images/courses/quantum-chem-with-vqe/badge.avif)
```
